{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red38\green38\blue38;\red53\green118\blue190;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs50 \cf2 Terms and Conditions\

\fs60 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This Terms and Conditions explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Ravenpod, Inc. and our subsidiaries (collectively, "Ravenpod") when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services" or "wrapLive") or when you otherwise interact with us. This Terms and Conditions may be changed from time to time. If changes are made, you will be notified via [email/text message/push notification]. The date at the top of the policy reflects the most recent update.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Collection of Information You Provide to Us\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Information you provide is collected directly by wrapLive when you create an account and use the Services, including sending and receiving messages, taking and posting photos in "Wraps\'94, sending content via the chat screen, requesting customer support and otherwise communicating with us. The types of information we may collect include your username, password, email address, phone number, age, and any other information you choose to provide. When you send or receive messages, we also collect, process and store the contents of those messages (such as photos, videos, captions and chats) on our servers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Information Storage and Processing\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your information collected through the Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Ravenpod, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities. Ravenpod, its Affiliates and Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or another region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. By registering for and using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which Ravenpod, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities, and to the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Inappropriate Content\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We remove content that doesn\'92t follow the wrapLive terms (e.g. nudity, bullying, graphic violence and spam). If you come across something on wrapLive that doesn't follow the wrapLive Terms, use the report link near the post or photo to submit a report. User-generated content considered inappropriate will be removed from wrapLive within 24 hours. We also reserve the rights to remove the user account that generated the inappropriate content.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sharing Your Content and Information\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You own all of the content and information you post on wrapLive, and you have full control of how it is shared through your wrap settings. In addition:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For content that is covered by Intellectual Property rights, including photos and videos (IP content), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your wrap settings: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Ravenpod (IP License). This License terminates when you delete your IP content or your account. However, if content has been shared with others in a wrap, it will remain in the wrap unless the wrap owner deletes it.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (it will not be available to others, unless it is part of a wrap shared with other users, as stated above).\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use of Information\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Maintain, improve and deliver our Services.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deliver and provide the products and services you request, send you related information and process transactions.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide customer service and respond to your comments, questions and requests.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Analyze and monitor trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Send you updates, technical notices, security alerts, support, and administrative messages.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events hosted by Ravenpod and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Security\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Services and protect it from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please notify Ravenpod immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your mobile phone. Although Ravenpod will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of wrapLive or others due to such unauthorized use.\
Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and wrapLive at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected if the social media services you choose to connect to wrapLive make changes to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy or security measures of any other organization.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Children Under Thirteen\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You must be thirteen or older to create an account with wrapLive. We do not knowingly collect personal information from users under the age of thirteen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Account Information\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You may update or correct information about yourself by editing your account settings within our Services. If you wish to delete your account, email us by using this {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:help@ravenpod.com?Subject=Delete%20account"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
link}}, but please note that we may retain certain information as required by law, for legitimate business purposes, or as part of our regular retention practices. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Device Information\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Certain features of the Services require access to your device's native phone book and image storage applications (e.g., to find friends, to send a photo from your photo gallery via a chat, or to store a photo in your photo gallery). If you choose to find friends, the names and phone numbers in your device's native phone book will be transmitted to wrapLive. If you later decide to revoke your consent and prevent us from continuing to access your phone book and image storage applications, you can do so by either changing the preferences on your device (if this option is provided by your device operating system), or by following the standard uninstall process and removing our Services from your device. On iOS devices, you can grant or revoke your consent at any time and prevent us from continuing to access your phone book and image storage applications by changing the preferences.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Location\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When you first launch features of our Services that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to our collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information by changing the preferences on your device. If you do so, certain features of our Services will no longer function. You may also stop collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove our Services from your device.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cookies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our website.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Push Notifications/Alerts\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
wrapLive may send push notifications or alerts to your device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your device (iOS) or by changing your settings within the wrapLive mobile application (Android).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contact\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To contact us, please email us using this {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:help@ravenpod.com?Subject=Help"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
link}} or write to:\
Ravenpod, Inc., 505 14th St., Suite 900, Oakland, CA 94612}